The Secret Sloth project includes a few programs, each responsible for a different task. 

1. AccessoryData.py
The AccessoryData program is essentially a databank for the main SlothGen.py program. It stores all of the pixel values 
for the various accessories. It also contains the data for the colors used in sloth backgrounds. 
Functionally, the program does very little. It has a few functions that can be utilized to return the data needed
to make the sloth image. It randomly selects the accessories from the data stored. However, each accessory is 
assigned a likelihood value. Some accessories are much more likely to generate than others.

2. Decrypter.py
The Decrypter.py program is self explanatory. Simply give the program the directory and filename of a sloth image
(but not an enlarged sloth image) to decrypt the secret message within the sloth. Make sure to include ".png" at the 
end too!

3. enlarger.py
enlarger.py is also very simple to use. Again, give the program the directory and filename of a generated sloth image
including ".png" to enlarge a sloth generated by SlothGen.py. The only reason to do this is to view the sloth image
more easily. The secret message data encrypted within the original sloth image is lost when enlarging the image
with this program.

4. SlothConverter.py
SlothConverter.py is responsible for turning images of sloth accessories into storable data on
AccessoryData.py. It takes images specifically from the folder NFTLibrary. The colored-in pixel values in the image
are then stored in a list that can be easily pasted into AccessoryData.py. This makes it easy to design accessories
on any pixel art editor, save those accessories, then use this program to extract the data. To design an accessory
to work with this system, open NFTLibrary\Used\Sloth.png on any pixel art editor, design the accessory on the sloth,
then delete the sloth's pixels by filling them in with (255,255,255) white.

5. SlothGen.py
SlothGen.py is responsible for generating the sloths themselves. When you run the program, it will give you the option
to input a series tag. The series tag is attached to the beginning of the file name of generated sloths. That way,
if you run the program multiple times, it will not overwrite a file of a previous run of the program, as it's very 
likely for this to happen. Running the program will yield 100 sloths. It will also yield 100 enlarged sloth files.
The enlarged sloth files will have an additional " sloth" tag added to the file name. To edit the number of sloths
yielded by the program, edit the number in the while loop on line 211. To prevent the program from automatically
generating enlarged sloth images, comment out line 135.

